The PostHog Changelog (#5335)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

---
date: 2023-02-24
title: "The PostHog Changelog"
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: PostHog news
tags:
  - Product updates
  - Release notes
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-array-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
---

Interested about what new features, fixes and updates have just launched on PostHog Cloud? Every Friday we update this page with a look back over the last seven days, so you can get a fresh look at what’s launched and launching right now. We also feature notable additions to the blog and docs. 

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## February 24, 2023

> ### Performance monitoring in session recordings

Reviewer: @joethreepwood Performance monitoring is a paid for feature, should we highlight this in this post?

![flag overrides](../images/blog/array/perf_monitoring.gif)

Thanks to Team Session Recording, you can now track network performance across a user session. Now you'll be able to see not only what your users are doing, but also how long each action takes, and if there were any issues that may have impacted their experience. 

Armed with this information, you can now get a better understanding of where you can improve the user experience and create a faster, smoother product — check [the Session Recording docs](/manual/recordings) to find out more. 

### User interview app released

> Curious how we gather user feedback at PostHog? We use this [User Interviewer app](/apps/user-interviews), which enables us to target users based on their actions, cohort or properties and asks them to schedule an interview with our Product team via Calendly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Curious how we gather user feedback at PostHog? We've automated it using the [User Interviewer app](/apps/user-interviews). The app enables us to target users based on their actions, cohort or properties, who we then invite to schedule an interview with our Product team via Calendly.
```

> We find this works a lot better than trying to identify and schedule calls individually, so we’ve now made it available in [the PostHog app directory](/apps). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We find this works a lot better than trying to identify and schedule calls individually – we increased booking conversion from 3% to 16% using this app – so we’ve now made it available in [the PostHog app directory](/apps).
```

---
date: 2023-02-24
title: "The PostHog Changelog"
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: PostHog news
tags:
  - Product updates
  - Release notes
featuredImage: ../images/blog/posthog-array-blog.png
featuredImageType: full
---

Interested about what new features, fixes and updates have just launched on PostHog Cloud? Every Friday we update this page with a look back over the last seven days, so you can get a fresh look at what’s launched and launching right now. We also feature notable additions to the blog and docs. 

> > Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

Author: ```suggestion
> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!
```
